c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/25/89/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「ちょっと提案なんだけど、恋人同士なんだから、愛称で呼び合ってみない？」=“I've a suggestion. Since we're a couple and everything, wanna try calling each other by a nicknames?”
「素敵です♡　本当にラブラブな二人という感じがしていいと思います♡」=“It's a wonderful idea♡ It'll seem like we're extremely lovey-dovey with each other, I think it's great♡”
「じゃあ、俺のことは[Pあだ名]って呼んでくれない？」=“Then, won't you call me [Pあだ名]?”
「うふふ♡　あなたの性癖通りの愛称ですね♡」=“Ufufu♡ That matches your fetishes to a T♡”
「やっぱり把握されてた？　どうしても[H]にそう呼んで欲しいんだ」=“You saw right through it, huh? I really wanna hear you call me that.”
「そういうプレイということですね♡　わかりました、心を込めて呼びますね♡」=“So we're doing that sort of erotic play, huh?♡ Got it, I'll pour my heart into it♡”
「やった！　[H]は呼ばれたい愛称とかある？」=“Yay! Is there any nickname you'd like me to call you?”
「お任せします♡　呼びたいように呼んでください♡」=“I'll leave it to you♡ Call me whatever you like♡”
「じゃあ……[Hあだ名]」=“Then... [Hあだ名].”
「[Pあだ名]♡」=“[Pあだ名]♡”
「おおぉ、さすが！　俺のことわかってるね」=“Oooooh, amazing! You really do know how to get me in the mood.”

> 「うふふ♡　元ストーカーですもの♡　私もキュンキュンしちゃいました♡」=“Ufufu♡ I did used to stalk you, afterall♡ It made my heart skip a beat too♡”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「うふふ♡　元ストーカーですもの♡　私もキュンキュンしちゃいました♡」=“Ufufu♡ I did used to stalk you, after all♡ It made my heart skip a beat too♡”
```
